Essay
    Since it is my first essay writing I don't know how to start, what will be the first line? So after spending the lots of time and lots of thinking I decided that let's start with my education background. I did my Engineering in Bio-medical field from Government Engineering College, Gandhinagar. After completing my bachelor's I got a job and yeah at the beginning it was very exciting. I feel so enthusiastic because I know that I was gonna learn something, something good but after some time it became a tedious and repetitive work. I didn't get a chance to learn something new to built something amazing, So I decided to change the job and applied for different positions and went for interviews but those profiles were same as the one which I was doing. Based on those experiences I decided to change my domain and to put that in action I googled about different fields. And also got a reference from my sister and friend they were suggested me to go for a software development. In that field, you will always get a chance to learn something new. So I did some research on different programming languages. So based on my research and after getting a reference from my friend I decided to pick a Java language. As the part of my last semester, I did a project based on MATLAB software and  I have done some coding and stimulation for the project. Because of my Engineering & Mathematical background, I concluded that yeah I can learn to program
   So I left my job because I wanted to be focused on learning. And started learning Java by myself. I have learned the concepts of core Java, Advance Java, Spring framework, hibernate for database operation and also learn some front-end technology such as HTML, CSS, BootStrap, JavaScript. Now at this point I know the concepts of the Java , have developed some skill and eager to put all these skills into action. So for  a better understanding and to improve myself to get the better job I decided to take an internship from reputed  organization. I came to know about the opening for an internship in cignex datametics and I know that the core technology on which your company works is based on Java so I applied for it and got selected. I felt so happy about it because I know that I am gonna learn so many new things I will be working in the professional environment.   
   I am accepting that this training will assist me to develop myself in term of professional & personal perspective. That it will guide me, give me a chance to build new things. My immediate and long-term goal is to learn as many as things as possible within a short time. Want to became a master in Java Language.
   I am a career oriented girl because I wanted to be an independent don't want to rely on someone else. I want to be matter. I want to support my family and want to utilize my knowledge. These are the perspectives that motivate me to pursue my career.

